Barbarella

bartender
down on her luck
single
in debt
in her 30s
confident
spunky
Meg from Hercules
jaded
sarcastic
shoots from the hip
quick assumptions
not afraid to take risks but guarded in her emotions
extensive sexual history



ex boyfriend who was a washed up youtube star




Applies to a reality show on a whim at work
Next day another slow day at work when an odd man dressed like a 50s Wall Street banker who claims to starts to ask her questions about herself 

Doesn't think about it much and closes the bar to walk home. 
Gets abducted

Comes to very groggily in a maze of disorienting lights and sounds. As her vision and senses slowly return she realizes she's on a plush chair that feels like it's moving. It IS moving. All of a sudden she is levitated out into a large open area where there seems to be a crowd and spotlights and what kind of looked like cameras. There was a frightening alien on stage who looked to be speaking to the crowd. 



I woke up at a rougher than usual 9:46 in the morning. I tried to pretend that this wasn't the case and that I was still asleep, but after several minutes of faking my own death it was clear that it just wasn't meant to be and I climbed out of my duvet. Groggily and almost suspiciously sweaty I stumbled through my door to the hallway, turning around once I had already opened and turned the bathroom light on realizing I had forgotten my phone. Not seeing it on my nightstand I swore softly under my breath. After digging through the mess of covers and pillows, swearing under my breath several times I retrieved my cellphone. *****Fending off my suddenly energetic and playful sweet prince Pomeranian named Samson.***** Sitting down to pee finally I unlocked my phone and began my morning scroll. It was all more of the same. Comfortable slop for my pen. Serotonin stimulus or whichever neurochemical I was currently lacking. I tried to concentrate on the dancing idiot in front of me informing me about the habits of sea lions with a fun video mix but I could already tell this hangover was going to be a total bitch about it. As if to prove this point my roommate Sandy started to softly bang on the bathroom door. 
"Morning B! I live here too and I have to pee, make it quick I know you're just scrolling."
I sighed more heavily than I meant and called back. 
"Start the coffee I'll be out in a second."
Sandy chose an unusually lewd noise an affirmative and I could hear her move to the kitchen. Continuing to scroll I lapsed back into a vegetative numbness and began to toy with thoughts of what I was to accomplish this afternoon. My poor barely conscious brain immediately and painfully rejected these thoughts and I sighed heavily again, mentally preparing to put on my first face of the workday. A notification indicating I had a new message on one of those apps that I swore off but Sandy had convinced me to sign up for again caused my phone to vibrate softly. Almost involuntarily I thumbed it, my nails clacking against the screen. The screen opened up to a chat with what looked like an official brand account of some kind telling me I'd been chosen to compete on some kind of Singles reality show. I skimmed the message once, frowned, and read over it again more slowly. Seemingly in my still somehow half drunk mesmerized state I considered this new opportunity the fates of the universe had deemed fit to put in front of me for what must have been longer than I realized as Sandy's slamming of the kitchen cupboards pulled me back to focus. There was an option to accept the message or ignore the message blinking its urgency. Feeling cornered by my phone and all the other undoubtedly bad decisions I had made before this one I clicked accept, washed my hands and face, stared at the oldest and most haggered version of myself I'd seen for some time before sticking a toothbrush in my mouth and exiting the bathroom. 
Sandy, hearing me vacating the apartment's only washroom appeared from the kitchen. 
"Coffee is on, eggs are started. Do you think you're going to see Shai later?" She asked as she passed me in the hallway. 
"I have no idea bitch. Fuck you that shitty tequila that guy bought us I am so hungover. Feels like someone just tipped over a barrel of monkeys in my head and they're all fighting over the last banana." 
Sandy playfully flicked her hair and winked at me as she entered the bathroom.
"Well there's only so many good bananas left pookie. Better grab a hold of one while you can."
I chortled as gracefully as I could and turned to the kitchen. Finding the bread I put two slices into the toaster and grabbed a mug from the cupboard. The old drip machine Sandy and I had brought with us from the last place wasn't quite done so I turned back to my phone. The message I had chose to accept was now a brighter color and was center stage as I opened it up. Wanting to get to my for you page I made several unsuccessful attempts at exiting the chat. Through cold logical UI persistence or my rough morning short fused annoyance I succumbed to entering my name to escape the screen, apparently consenting to god knows what hopefully just some bullshit mailing list. 
Sandy reentered the kitchen, somehow looking fresh and coifed as ever. Sandy had that insufferable kind of natural beauty to pull off any outfit in any situation under any and all circumstances. She made it look easy and Barb was real enough with herself to know that she resented her for it. Not in any meaningful negative way but a garden variety jealousy. Barb was also real enough with herself to know she adored Sandy as fully and completely as one straight woman can another, a real ride or die. 
She grabbed her own mug down from the cupboard and poured herself some coffee before fetching the Stevia from the shelf above the stove. 
"That was fucking shitty tequila. Those guys were such corny losers." Sandy said as she opened the fridge, looking at me through the door. 
I nodded, pouring myself a cup from the pot and using our plastic spatula to flip one of the eggs. "What was that one guy's deal? He could only cum if he was driving his beamer or something? Wearing that ugly golf shirt that looked like someone threw up a rainbow on him."
Sandy cackled as she sat down on one of our mismatched kitchen barstools. "Wade? Blade? Zade?"     
I laughed back. "Some stupid shit like that." I peppered and salted and slice of cheddared our individual eggs before sliding them onto our plated toast and joining her at the kitchen bar. 

"What are you doing today?" I asked her as we finished up our breakfast.    
"Heading to the gym, lunch with Sarah and then to work," Sandy smiled softly "you?"
"Probably a little cleaning, have to go grab a package from all the way in Kingston before my shift." I replied.
"Anything cute?"
"I honestly have no idea, the amount of shit I order on the internet when I get too baked."  
"Real" she replied. "I still have like almost a gallon of that shitty anti wrinkle lotion if you need any." She finished her toast and got up from her chair to wash her dishes. Sandy winked at me as she put her small plate and coffee cup in our dry rack. "Got me an internet date I gotta get ready for darling, have a good day!" 
"Shake those hips get some tips!" I called after her as she rounded the corner and headed back to her room for what I knew was going to be some fairly lucrative cam work. Sandy had several regulars that she interacted with almost every day and a longer list that were at least once a week. She had tried to get me an account before but I hadn't much interest in catering to the wants and needs of mostly anonymous internet men. Maybe I just lacked a flair and commitment for performance the same way she did, it seemed I could put in a half hour tops of playful flirty before it got too taxing. 

Samson apparently his patience grown thin waddled over to me and got his fluffy little paws up on my thigh to signal he too needed his breakfast and to go out for his morning tinkle. I scratched behind his ears and booped his nose before getting up to clear my plate and give him his morning kibble. As he ate I retrieved my airbuds from my nightstand and put on one of my favorite podcasts. Putting on my silk robe I returned to the kitchen to find the little chubster had already finished his breakfast and was pawing at the patio door to go out. 
Grabbing a cigarette from our community 'neither of us is smoking cigs pack' sitting on the microwave I slipped on my sandals and opened the door for him. He darted out and nearly fell down the deck stairs of our rental fourplex into the backyard. A modest affair the yard had a firepit and a small garden Sandy and I had been trying mostly unsuccessfully to grow some vegetables and herbs in. It had been dry this summer and the grass was mostly brown or yellow but it never stopped Samson from smelling every corner before doing his business. Taking what was left of my coffee onto the deck I lit the cigarette and took a deep drag. Checking my email it seemed I had some bills I had neglected to pay last week and with a resigned sigh I sent off most of my last paycheck to rectify that fact. The automatic postage email was next on my list as I tried to decipher what might be in that package that the Kingston 11th ST office needed me to pick up so urgently. Scrunching up my face in confusion I didn't recognize the sender or the sender's website. Breaking my pitiful concentration on the subject Samson, having finished his potty time, barked softly and scratched back at the patio door. Shrugging I finished what was left of my coffee and butted out my not even half finished barely ashed smoke before heading back inside. 




chpt2
As I did my morning yoga and core workout I finished up the rest of my podcast. The Gagged and the Girls crew had been discussing the consequences of their most volatile summer flings. An above average episode in Barb's judgement, several laugh out loud quips from the cast's resident sassy twink Evan. After that I put in a load of laundry and decided to catch up on some my fave trashy TV.     The concept in the latest was eight young girls on a yacht competing for the affection of three handsome rich bachelors in their 40s all captured on a network super yacht. Scandal abound and lots of contrived drama kept my attention but I couldn't work out anybody to root for, they were all varying degrees of awful. Samson continued to pester and after some coercing I went and grabbed his leash. 
I took Samson for a quick walk down to the park where he liked to run around and bark at the bigger dogs. Other than a much bigger dump than usual for the 16lb fluffball and what struck her as a man way to into rock climbing trying to chat her up the dogpark was uneventful. Returning home I had some yogurt and then what was left of the salad from the night before for lunch. Putting on some music I did a little vacuuming and plant watering before getting ready for 4PM to close shift at Woody's. A quick kiss and cuddle with Samson and then I climbed in my 2009 Civic to go grab this mystery package before work. 


  

   

 
